[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're going to confirm how fun and
freeing it can be to live in a world
without other people with the 2009 film
zombie land just some time to get caught
up before the release of the sequel on
October 18th let's get to it we open
with narration over some scenes of
significant destruction quickly setting
the stage for the level of catastrophe
its foo bard friends while building this
up we learn from our faithful narrator
that civilization is now at the point
where only the strongest have survived
those capable and willing to learn and
do whatever it takes to live we then
zoom in on our narrator Columbus
replenishing his vehicle at the local
petrol station two months after patient
zero he reveals his degree of aliveness
can be attributed less to physical
capability and more to as being a
pragmatic loner he demonstrates this by
employing his various rules starting
with calmly leading the zombies and
circles until he can safely enter his
car showing his evasive proficiency
having been weary of the bathrooms and
having put on a clinic with his cardio
he then whips through the seatbelt and
double-tap rules and then he's on his
way his primary focus currently is
finding a way to get home to Columbus
Ohio along the way he runs into
Tallahassee after taking a moment to
sniff each other's butt holes they pair
up at least momentarily until their
paths diverge we find that Tallahassee
is taking this whole thing one day at a
time choosing to focus on living and the
pleasure of the little things like
finding Twinkies they have a good
prospect but fate shits in their faces
when they open a truck full of snowballs
a mediocre confection made worse by
being sprinkled with coconut the devil's
dandruff in a brief backstory flashback
we find that Tallahassee is alive thanks
to his pure badass hurry while Columbus
survived the initial waves due to his
crippling loneliness in paranoia he was
inside alone during the unfolding
apocalypse only alerted when his
neighbor banged on his door and fright
explaining that a homeless man tried to
put his mouth on her he provides some
comfort and she falls asleep as he puts
in a tremendous effort to fight down a
boner
he then awakes to find that she's turned
into a physical manifestation of every
one of his phobias the pair continues on
their way coming across an apt analogy
for corporate America in Columbus takes
a moment to get contemplative about the
nature of life while she aggressively
sucks the marrow Tallahassee however
doesn't suffer the same pretensions at
their next Twinkie stop they take a
moment to clear the area before
scavenging and they run across another
person Wichita she asked for their help
taking them to her sister Little Rock
they pretend she's been bitten and
acquire a gun under the auspices of
putting her down but instead take
everything the boys
or hat however they managed to find a
new vehicle in short order and it comes
fully loaded now the new daily focuses
vengeance luckily it doesn't take them
long to come across their old vehicle
they approach cautiously suspecting
another honeypot unluckily for them it
doesn't take much to get the drop on
Columbus they manage to work out some of
their issues and find common ground in
the course of conversation it's also
revealed that Columbus Ohio is burned to
the ground now more or less it looks
like they're all on their way with the
girls to Pacific Playland a rumored Eden
in the midst of a garbage fire world
Tallahassee gets restless so they make a
quick stop for team-building exercises
having sowed their Wild Oats they then
montage their way into California since
the real estate market is fairly open
game they grab a map to the Stars an
attempt to search out reasonable lodging
eventually ending up at Bill Murray's
mansion they clear the house and in the
process find his private screening room
so Columbus works to bring Little Rock
up to speed on her pop culture meanwhile
Tallahassee in Wichita get comfortable
as well they're descended upon by Bill
Murray who's actually not a zombie he's
just in disguise they get past
introductions and enjoy that West Coast
hospitality looking to keep the good
times rolling they have bill sneak up on
the others which ends poorly bringing
Bill Murray's time with us to a close
eventually they then spend the night
character building Tallahassee lamenting
the death of his towheaded child and
Columbus getting closer to a girl in
defiance of the rules
luckily Tallahassee drops in just as his
pants are about to explode
Wichita had the same thoughts about the
dangers of getting close and the girls
have left by the next morning they make
it to a Pacific Playland lighting it up
and attracting every zombie in the
tri-state area the fellas eventually
agreed to go together to make sure the
girls are safe you'll have to hurry
though because they're having quite a
time running gunning it and bailing and
then searching for a safe space they
managed to make it to high ground but
only periodically Little Rock shoots the
control box keeping them relatively safe
but also straining them the boys then
show up and with little time to discuss
a plan
Tallahassee creates a distraction to
give an opening unfortunately Columbus's
path isn't totally clear and he double
spooks himself by leading his pursuers
into a haunted house and eventually
being forced to face his biggest fear
while Tallahassee continues to find
novel solutions to difficult problems
they eventually clear the hoard and save
the girls cementing their value as a
quartet and with the toss of the Twinkie
we've managed to conclude their
respective character arcs and that was a
meal and an excellent horror comedy with
one of the best cameos of all time if
you enjoyed the video I'd love for you
to become a part of the channel by
subscribing thanks for watching
[Music]